why doesn't anyone use me anymore
shut up hello everyone I'm a hologram of
Steve Jobs Apple created me so I can
introduce the new iPhone 6 mainly
because their current CEO kind of sucks
and will never be as genius as me I mean
like come on guys who actually knows
that guy's name you mean Tim Cook um
well uh enough about that let's get to
the iPhone 6 the iPhone 6 is full of
exciting upgrades and new features such
as its completely shatterproof
shatterproof
bitch in oh well this phone totally
didn't break at all and we all know
accidents happen so we made the iPhone 6
completely waterproof Oh sick tents and
the largest improvement is faster
processing speed it completely
obliterates our older models see how
fast it is oh you didn't notice well
let's slow it down 500 times to get the
full effect total GameChanger
all right give me that squealing peg
pose yo what the hell since no one takes
real photos anymore we've disabled the
back camera and improve the front-facing
camera since all you souls do now is
take selfies true well I was gonna look
bitching with the Kelvin filter in fact
we've joined in on the ramp and
corporate dick sucking of the selfie
trend so much that when you pick up your
phone it's already in camera mode let's
talk about some more amazing upgrades
it's lighter whoa man this is so much
easier than carrying a real lighter
around but what are you doing no it's
not a lighter it's lighter seriously are
you that dumb well I guess that's just
what you get when Tom crook is running
things it's Tim Cook you're the one that
actually
him really whatever just take a look at
the size of the screen on the iPhone 6
ah that's an iPhone 5s ah I knew that
the iPhone 6
that's an iPad Mini really uh the the
iPhone 6 nope that's an Apple TV remote
byline the iPhone 6
not even close damn it okay the iPhone
nope that's a that's a pop-tart
I'm taste like microwave Oh dots in my
pocket I've been using it for several
months it's the greatest phone I've ever
had the iPhone 6 it's a galaxy s3 Shh
let's just talk about the apps there's a
new fitness app here are all the fat
places that need improvement immediately
also these marked spots make you look
ugly as fuck true it tracks your
calories and motivates you to reach your
weight-loss goals are you sure you want
to do that fatty
uh yeah Siri I'm really freaking hungry
this is so much easier than having
self-control and finally we've made the
greatest enhancement to iOS since the
beginning all Samsung Galaxy phones
within a 50 foot radius will burst into
flames so there you have it the new
iPhone 6 is not very different and a
total waste of money
Thanks new Apple CEO Tom cook oh my god
for the last time it is Tim Oh show up
yeah yeah
can Holograms be charged for murder yeah
yeah I think so yeah click the video on
the right to see Smosh play the pokemons
fighting game it's super effective
did you see it appropriately click the
video on the left to see bloopers and
this I know how to blow bubbles good
bubbles the guy next door huh oh that
gave me such a lady Robo boner don't
forget to subscribe or I will annihilate
a human race I mean I will be sad if you
don't subscribe so very sad